[THEME MUSIC]
>>Rainbow body is what Paul is
talking about in 1 Corinthians
15, when he proclaims
that we shall all
be changed in the twinkling
of an eye at the last trump.
There's a lot of talk right now
that we're in the end times,
with the 2012 business
going on and world
events, political events.
I mean, all the
time, you hear people
saying they're seeing
signs and they're
seeing evidence that we are,
in fact, in these end times.
And if Apostle Paul is
right, and he's not babbling,
it's just going to
happen in a twinkling
of an eye at the last trump.
What does that mean?
Well, when you look up the word
trump in the original Greek,
it means a vibration, a tone,
a wave, or a reverberation.
Hm.
So what Paul is saying is
that at the last tone, wave,
or vibration, we're all
going to be transfigured.
That mystic rapture
is going to happen.
We know our bodies are
actually standing waves.
Maybe there is a
tone or vibration
that's headed our way, that's
going to just suddenly shift us
all into this higher reality.
That would be really nice.
In angelic symbolism, the
trump represents the instrument
that joins Heaven and Earth.
So for example,
here, you see Jacob
asleep on the stone with
his ladder, or stairway,
to heaven-- his Babel,
in other words--
reaching into the heavens.
Jacob dreams that he
scales that ladder.
And note the musical term.
Jacob scaled the
ladder to Heaven.
He adjusted his frequency to
a higher dimensional realm
and brought that
back into this realm.
And you notice the angels.
They have trumpets
in their hands.
And this is the method
of attunement here.
This is the method
that the angels
are using to lift
Jacob's frequency,
so that he can then
go through that gate.
Well, today, when we talk
about an instrument that
joins Heaven and Earth, we're
talking about wormholes.
Notice the shape of
the way modern science
portrays the mouth
of a wormhole.
Looks like a trumpet.
Coincidence?
No.
I think what's
happening is that today,
we're going up a spiral here.
We're recognizing that the way
we join ourselves to-- the way
we join Heaven and Earth
is through a stargate
or a wormhole.
And in order to enter and
travel those wormholes,
we are going to have to
adjust our frequency.
We're going to have
to become perfect.
As many of us know, we've
got an impending alignment
with the center of our
galaxy, December 2012, which
the Mayans said
would be a moment
of enormous transformation.
And for me, it's
fascinating to bear in mind
that Isaiah 30:26 refers to
an exotic light, seven times
brighter than the
light of the sun, that
will illuminate the world
when the Christos returns.
I talked with Art Bell
about this one time.
And he said, gol', that
doesn't sound real good.
When you're talking about
the light of the sun
increasing by 7 times the
light of the moon, that's
going to be-- everybody's
going to get fried from that.
Aren't they?
And my response
was, well, I think
it could be that we increase
our knowledge, our wisdom
about what the sun is.
And we increase our wisdom
about the moon, as well.
By the way, Isaiah
30:25 tells us
when this illumination
will occur.
It says it will happen
when the towers fall.
Well, many towers have
fallen in our world,
in recent times, that had a
dramatic volte-face effect
on our world.
Yeah.
And so this is why people
get excited and think,
wow, the 2012 is really the run
up to the Christian end times,
as well.
So start paying attention.
My take is that the Christos
is not an individual.
Christos means the anointed one.
I mean, people seem to think
Jesus Christ is a person's
name.
It's a title.
It's like Mr. President.
It's like Mary Magdalene.
That's probably not
her name either.
I mean, I'm an
equal opportunity--
I like to insult
everybody, men and women.
Mary Magdalene-- I mean, that
title means beloved tower.
That's a description.
Mary Magdalene,
Jesus Christ-- that's
like Mr. President
and the First Lady.
Those are not
people's actual names.
They're titles.
They refer to an
office that they held
and a function that
they performed,
bringing this anointing.
To the Gnostics, Christos refers
to the true light or vibration,
which, coming into the
world, enlightens every man.
That's what the return
of the Christ is.
It's not Barack Obama.
Jeez.
They called it INRI.
In fact, when Pontius Pilot
nails this inscription
on-- above the cross, the Bible
says that what he meant to do
was mock Jesus.
That's supposed
to stand for Jesus
of Nazareth, King of the Jews.
Problem is Bible scholars
can't locate Nazareth.
There was no place called
Nazareth at the time
that Jos-- or that
Jesus was alive.
It's like his Uncle,
Joseph of Arimathea.
There's no place name
called Arimathea.
Either.
These are titles that
these people possessed.
The Nazarene.
And Pilot's supposed to have
done this to mock Jesus.
What an idiot.
How could this guy dare call
himself the King of the Jews?
He had to know that we were just
going to hang his butt up there
and crucify him.
And it's stating his crime.
Same thing.
But in esoteric tradition,
in the Gnostic tradition,
INRI means something else.
To the Gnostics,
it means by fire,
frequency, vibration,
humankind is renewed whole.
"Igne natura renovatur integra"
is the actual Latin term.
And it means by fire, frequency,
or vibration, humankind
is renewed or made
whole, 360, or holy.
Through this teaching, you
get the ring of the gods.
The ring of the gods.
And so that's a totally
different story here.
When we're talking about
utilizing this cross,
the Latin term was Scala Day.
That's the name of my
publishing company.
It means ladder to Heaven.
That was the term that they
originally used for this.
It was the pillar,
or ladder, to Heaven
that had, ultimately, at the
top, a signification that's
saying that this ladder was
actually a ring or a vibration.
Think of Jacob's Ladder, where
he scaled up his vibration
and opened that gate
into the heavenly realms.
It's the exact same story.
I was in California,
back, early this year.
I was doing a 2012
event with some--
I was doing a panel
with other researchers.
Richard Hoagland
was on the panel.
George Noory of "Coast to
Coast AM" was the moderator.
Dannion Brinkley
was on the panel.
David Wilcock was
on that panel, too.
There were several of us.
And the topic was, what's
coming up for 2012?
And I talked a little
bit, in brief terms,
about what we've be
talking about this morning,
that, hey, this is
a real special time.
The Mayans are saying
that a gateway's
going to open from the
center of the galaxy,
and out of that gateway's
going to come an enlightened
being or a group of
enlightened beings.
Richard Hoagland was more
comfortable with the idea
that this time period we're
in is actually a window,
sort of like a
NASA launch window,
that we have this
space of time here,
where-- that maybe
growing short--
that we can gather as much of
this knowledge as possible.
So the next morning, I had
to do another 2012 panel.
And this one was
more about, what's
going to happen after 2012?
And I told the
story that I was--
when I did that panel, that I
was sitting in my hotel room,
that next morning, just kind
of reflecting all of this,
and saying, well, the Mayans
are talking about a gate,
Hoagland's saying
it's a window or a--
and I'm saying it's
a door or a gate.
Is there really
that much difference
between a door and
a gate and a window?
And who cares?
I mean, really.
And I look over.
And I see, on the door of
my hotel room, a cross.
And I get up.
And I walk over there,
thinking, wait a minute,
the Mayans described
2012 as a cosmic cross,
as an alignment of
stars and planets.
That's what the cosmic
cross refers to.
And lo and behold,
there's this cross
on the window-- on the door.
And it ended up being a plan
for the hotel I was staying in,
the LAX Hilton.
And I'm thinking,
well, yeah, duh.
There's always a simple
explanation for everything,
if you bother to look for it.
And what it was-- it was
the emergency exit plan
for the hotel.
Oh, OK.
And it said, in
case of fire, this
is how you want to
get out of here.
Look out this
peephole right here,
make sure everything's
safe, then open the door,
and go to safety.
And I'm thinking, wow, that's
a-- isn't that a great metaphor
for our times?
They're talking about 2012.
And Christians are
talking about the return
of Christos, this fire,
frequency, or vibration coming
onto our planet.
What if it gets to be too
much and you can't handle it?
What's your emergency
exit plan right now?
Do you have one?
The police state comes in,
starts to knock everybody down.
What's your emergency
exit strategy?
>>Kool-Aid.
Well, this says, don't take
the elevator, take the stairs.
I think we should
take the stairs up.
Get up there, to the roof,
where we can see higher.
And I'm looking at this further.
And of course, Dannion--
oh, Sean David Morton
was on that panel, too,
and he's just like, man,
what are you smoking?
How do you get
information from doors?
And it's like, dude,
this is a metaphor.
You know?
Think.
Because what happens here
is we've got too many of us,
not in front of
this door-- they're
standing in front of that
door, the mirrored door
to the closet.
And they're thinking,
wow, aren't I beautiful?
I've got it made.
I've got money in the bank.
My house is paid for.
I'm happening.
Aren't I?
Yeah.
But dude, slide over
here just a little bit.
You want to get out of this
door of illusion right here.
That could be taken away
from you in a heartbeat, just
like that.
That's not real.
That's not true.
It's helpful in
this material world,
but let's get away from that.
We've got to recognize that
what we really need to do
is open this door that leads
into this higher consciousness.
And I'm not saying
do that all at once.
I'm saying get a plan together.
Get a plan together.
Put as much time
in your eternity
as you're putting into your
401-- I mean your 201k now.
And everything's going
to be much better.
OK?
Because the emphasis
is all wrong here.
You're in the mirror world.
You're in the illusionary world.
Money doesn't even exist.
Remember?
This is a concept we're
all buying into here.
We need to buy into
another concept.
We need to put our
heads together,
come up with an emergency exit
plan for this cosmic cross
that's being erected
in our world right now
and the possibility that
this frequency or vibration's
coming into our world.
And ultimately,
what we need to do
is get our hands on
this door handle,
to be prepared to
open that door.
And that's what we're
talking about here,
today, is getting
ourselves prepared,
getting out of that mirror
world, that bullshit world,
into this world,
and truly becoming
all that we can be as beings.
And I think I got
through to Sean
because later, I noticed that he
was doing an event in Toronto,
where he was talking about the
great prophecy conversions.
Learn about the potential
and peril ahead as we
move through the stargate
of the Age of Wonders.
It's like, right on, man
because here he is attacking me
in the panel, but I
think he thought about it
and said, wait a minute, this
is really what's real here.
Nothing else is real.
Transfiguration.
That's where we have got to
begin putting our time, energy,
and emotion.
This is what it's all about.
So where we go to learn this?
How do we make that happen?
Well, we continue to study
images of transfiguration.
This is one of my favorites.
It's from a Coptic
or Egyptian Christian
church in Aswan, Egypt.
And what we see is
the traditional image
of the transfiguration.
But it's slightly
different here.
We've got Jesus in
this cosmic egg here.
He's got his bright
white clothing on.
He's got the Pharaoh's headdress
right up here, above him.
Got Moses and Elijah
on either side
because they mysteriously
appeared beside him,
as if they came from some
other dimension or something.
And what we notice
is that you've
got the cosmic egg with
these three rays extending
from the cosmic egg.
Very important symbolism.
The reason why is because that
symbol is exactly the symbol
the ancient Egyptians
used for the aakhut.
The aakhut.
Look up the word aakhut in
the Egyptian hieroglyphic
dictionary.
And it means beings of
light-- wise, instructed folk.
Aakhut was also a name
for the Great Pyramid,
which meant place of glory.
And God, I wish I could talk
like some of these Baptist
Christian ministers.
Place of glory.
"Glo-ray."
>>"Glo-ray."
That's it.
Glow raise.
That's what I was supposed to
be doing is glow and raise.
Right?
That's what the wise,
instructed folk, who built
the Great Pyramid, could do.
Ancient Egyptians are very clear
about who built the pyramids
and why.
It's a resurrection machine.
That's becoming common
parlance among colleagues,
like Graham Hancock,
Robert Bauval.
They're very comfortable in
talking with you, in terms
of the Great Pyramid as
a resurrection machine,
built by the Aakhut, beings of
light-- wise, instructed folk.
And the reason why Jesus
is portrayed in that image
is because in Egypt, they know
that he's one of these beings.
First time I went to
Egypt, these Egyptians
would come up to me
and go, Christianity's
the Egyptian religion.
No, it's not.
You all are Muslims.
Christianity's the
Egyptian religion.
What?
About the fifth
time I heard this,
I finally got what they meant.
Christianity's the
Egyptian religion.
But the name's changed.
It's just an updated version
of the original Egyptian
revelation brought by these
wise folk, beings of light.
It also means the light god,
the great light, the sun.
In Budge's "Hieroglyphic
Dictionary,"
the following additional
definitions of aakhut
are provided-- to be bright,
to be excellent, or to be wise
or instructed.
What do we want to
be instructed in?
How to perfect ourselves.
How to become perfect,
so that then we
can go through these stargates.
That's what it's all about.
As Graham Hancock and
Robert Bauval also
explained, in "The
Message of the Sphinx,"
the hieroglyphs
of aakhut can also
mean transfigured
beings, shining ones,
or shining beings.
Any questions?
This is who these people were
that built the pyramid, that
established that civilization
and left this teaching for us,
saying, you can do this too.
And we are going to send out,
over the intervening eons,
various teachers
who will continually
update this message for you.
And the last time that
this was really updated
was about 2,000 years ago.
And now it's time for us
to update it once again,
based upon our contemporary
understanding of what
this means.
In ancient Egypt, one
of my favorite temples
is the Temple of Dendera.
It's the temple of love and
joy, attributed to the god--
or dedicated to the
goddess, Hathor,
the goddess of love and joy.
The word Dendera
means house of bread.
House of bread.
Oh, wait, there's a
New Testament word
that also means house of bread.
Oh, that's right.
Bethlehem means house of bread.
One problem is, again, biblical
scholars can't find Bethlehem,
at the time that
Jesus was supposed
to have been kicking--
come kicking and screaming
into this world, in a manger.
This temple of
Dendera was brand new
at the time of Jesus
and Mary Magdalene.
Brand spanking new.
You mean, like, as if
it were built for them?
Perhaps.
And it means house of bread,
exactly like Bethlehem?
You get into this
Temple of Dendera,
and you look up at the ceiling.
You see this
magnificent imagery that
rivals the Sistine
Chapel, which, you see,
are the gods, the shining
ones, the transfigured ones,
the aakhu, sailing aboard
their ships of eternity,
into the stars.
They call these ships
the Ark of the Millions
of Years, the Bark
of the Sun, the Bark
of the Millions of Years.
And over and again, you
see these god beings
on these ships.
Somehow, I was the first
to notice that when
you look at Osiris, here,
as a transfigured being,
as a light being, in the stars--
actually, in the constellation
Orion-- that the way
the ancient Egyptians
portrayed that shift
of eternity precisely
matches the way modern
science portrays a wormhole.
Now, Egyptologists
love to laugh at me
when I start talking
about this because there's
no way these light beings, who
are vastly advanced from us,
had any consciousness remotely
similar to what we, today,
think of as stargate or
wormhole consciousness.
Yeah.
I just offer them a
Krispy Kreme doughnut
and say, have a nice day
because the archaeologists
and Egyptologists I do
respect, that I think
do have a clear understanding,
say there's no question,
whatsoever, that
those shapes match.
Now, what it means,
we can't say for sure.
But what I'm
suggesting to you is
that these light beings
traveled the stars
in stargates and wormholes.
They knew what we are just
now learning and rediscovering
in their temples.
And the transfiguration
of these beings-- in fact,
of our body into light--
is a preparatory experience
towards traveling the stars
through these stargates
or wormholes.
I was recently in the University
of Pennsylvania Museum.
And I see this
magnificent column.
And it goes up.
It's got its lotus
opening at the top.
Then all of a sudden, when
I zoom in on it, whoa,
I'm going into that thing!
Holy smokes!
That was a weird experience.
It was actually Ptah,
the ancient Egyptian god
who is credited with
crafting the human body, who
also designed the
stargates of the gods.
Doesn't that suggest a
linkage between our DNA
and these stargates?
It's exactly what
I'm seeing here.
And when we have this attunement
here, the god is being
attuned-- or the Pharaoh is
being attuned to the winged sun
disc, a dual headed serpent
ship that symbolizes the sun.
Very interesting because
the ancient Egyptians
believed that the sun,
that star in our sky,
was actually a tunnel.
They thought of it as a
star tunnel, a sun tunnel,
or a stargate.
And that is one
of the criticisms
that Egyptologists
love means that this
Bark of the Millions of
Years-- that's the sun boat.
And I'm like, your right.
And I'm very
comfortable with that,
so long as you recognize that
the sun boat looks-- resembles
a wormhole.
And we have the god going
through this gate of stars
that I prefer to
call a stargate.
But the ancient
Egyptians viewed our sun
as a sun tunnel or stargate.
The way to get to Heaven
was through the sun.
The sun is the way and
the truth in the light.
This is Ra aboard
his ship of eternity.
And the caption reads, I, even
I, know the ways to the doors
to the field of the blessed, the
dimension of the blessed, which
they believed was this
dimension that's one
dimension over from our own.
And he's clearly on
his wormhole craft,
sailing into that gate of stars.
This is the way NASA
shows this craft, today.
We're talking about building
these penis shaped craft that
can go into this circular
or vagina shaped stargate,
or wormhole, and make
the cosmic connection.
>>Shiva lingam.
As above, so below.
I mean, the reason
why this looks
like a sperm going
into an egg is
because we're talking about
the ultimate creation science,
the original sacred science.
And it makes perfect sense
that when our big brains say
they're going to build
a wormhole craft,
a stargate craft, it
should look like a penis,
or it should look like
a sperm because that's
what the sacred science says
is the principle at work
here, the unity
of man and woman,
male and female,
which we're going
to talk about more tomorrow.
And again, the match is made.
We're talking about the original
sacred science of the gods
is stargate science.
It's stargate Christianity.
It's wormhole science.
That's what this is all about.
And the sun, once again,
is the door, or the gate,
that leads to the heavenly
realms, which is what
that glyph means, right there.
The sun is the way, the
truth, and the light.
The way to get to Heaven
is through the sun.
Do you have a
relationship with the sun?
People ask that around here.
Do you have a
relationship with the sun?
Well, yeah.
I love the sun.
I love to get out in the sun.
I love to look through
the sun to Heaven
because that's how you get
to Heaven is through the sun.
The sun is the door, the
gate that we travel through.
Pythagoras was one of the
greatest teachers of all time.
He had a stepbrother.
His father was out on a
business trip one day.
And he sees this little
kid that is a light being.
And this light being says
he came from the sun.
And there are other illuminated
beings that live in the sun.
And this son, this child,
which they named him Astarios,
or Star Being,
taught Pythagoras.
So there's example
after example of beings
that come from the sun or
have the sun consciousness,
the stargate consciousness.
Osiris is one.
You see him here as the Green
Man, the Regenerated Man.
In ancient Egypt, being
green meant a hell of a lot
more than recycling.
OK?
When you have a
green civilization,
as ancient Egypt was, it was
all about transfiguration
and regeneration.
And these principles
enable the civilization
to last for thousands of
years-- not hundreds, like ours.
Thousands of years.
And so we look at Osiris here,
and we see the sun, right
there, on his crown chakra.
And what that indicates
is he is-- he's
got that solar consciousness.
He's one of the children of
the sun, or sons of the sun,
as they're called, and
recognizes that the sun is
the way to Heaven.
The way to get to the
Father is through the sun.
And this is why
Christianity then came
along and put Jesus in the sun.
And they started spelling it
S-O-N instead of S-U-N. Changed
things a little.
But we still have that stargate,
right up there in our sky.
And the way to get to
the heavenly realms
is through that star.
And our star is
connected to other stars.
That's the whole
message of stargates
is that this whole
universe is interconnected.
And you can travel from
star to star to star,
for eternity, as a light being.
Anybody interested in that?
If not, there's a Krispy
Kreme doughnut store just
up the street.
Akhenaten introduced this
incredible mystic religion,
the religion of the Aten,
the disc-- the sun disc.
And he's portrayed
here as a Sphinx,
basking in the rays of the Aten.
It happens that at the
end of each of these rays,
there are ankhs,
or keys of life.
But I prefer to call
the Aten the Atone.
Because what he's doing
is he's becoming at one
with the universe through
the atone, or tones,
coming from the sun disc.
He's made himself one with
the sun and, as a consequence,
has become an ascended
being because we
see that he and his
wife, Nefertiti,
are wearing seamless garments
that are transparent.
What that symbolized to
the ancient Egyptians
was their light
body, that they are
receiving the energy of the
sun and becoming light beings.
They are Christ,
Magdalene prototypes.
In fact, the Essenes--
Jesus, Mary Magdalene,
and the others that were part
of that esoteric research group
drew heavy influence from
Akhenaten and Nefertiti.
Akhenaten, of course, was
virtually run out of Egypt
by the military.
He introduces this.
It was kind of like
Haight-Ashbury or something.
He introduces this Renaissance,
or enlightenment period,
in ancient Egypt.
The military can't handle it.
So they come in,
run him out of town,
and shut down this
religious revolution
that's based on
enabling anybody to bask
in the energies of the sun.
Before, everybody
was worshipping
the bureaucracy of
ancient Egyptian gods,
over 300 of them.
Akhenaten comes in.
He tears the roofs off all
of the temples and just says,
get everybody out
there in the sun.
The sun is the way, the
truth, and the light.
And the way to Heaven
is through the sun
and becoming one with the sun.
The sun is the
great illuminator.
Powerful, powerful teaching.
But ultimately, history refers
to him as the Heretic King.
History just can't handle
an enlightened civilization.
So they disparage people like
Akhenaten, call him crazy.
I ran into a friend
the other day.
And I said, hey, I haven't
seen you in awhile,
let's go get a cup of coffee.
He said, no, I've got to go
over to the Obama office,
here in Nashville,
and make some calls.
And I said, you
mean Barackhenaten?
He said, what did you say?
I said, Barack Obama looks
just like Akhenaten to me,
and I think he's on the
same kind of destiny path.
You know?
He's wanting to bring about
this so-called awakening
and everything.
And up with education.
And down with the military.
Well, he might get elected.
But if he starts tearing the
roofs off of the temples,
they're going to do to him
what they did to Akhenaten.
He's following that same path.
And so I put this up on
my website just for kicks.
You know?
I'm not voting for
Akhin-- Barack.
I'd vote for Barackhenaten.
I don't know if I'm
voting for Barack Obama.
Not sure if I'm voting for
John McCain yet, either.
I haven't decided.
But the point is that, hey,
this could be the candidate
with the light stuff, here.
I just thought it was fun.
And then I'm
watching the debate.
John McCain is making a point.
And he's talking about an
energy bill that was passed.
And all of a sudden, he goes,
and that one, he voted for it.
That one?
I couldn't believe it.
Did he just say, that one?
The atone?
Did he just psychically
pull this out of nowhere
and somehow use this expression
about Barack Obama that
perfectly coincides with
him embodying the Akhenaten
archetype reaching up to the
Aten or the Atone-- the one?
Yeah.
You can't have that
in our civilization.
We can't have oneness.
Then CNN and Fox News-- I
mean Fixed News-- goes out
of business because then
they can't hate one another.
You know?
You've got to have the
left wing of the Illuminati
and the right wing
of the Illuminati.
You can't ever
just have the one.
OK?
It's always got to
be this division.
be us versus them.
And I don't know.
I just think it's funny that
the Atone suddenly creeps
into our crisis moment here.